---
title: "Ankh's self-introduction: From Mongolia to KREATE"
date: 2025-09-30
draft: False
language: ja
featured_image: ../assets/images/posts/2025-09-30-ankh.jpeg
summary: by Chimidtseren Ankhbayar 9/30/2025
author: Chimidtseren Ankhbayar
categories: member
tags: [member]
---

Hi, I'm Chimidtseren Ankhbayar, a new [IGPAS](https://youtu.be/sqYyUozrFpw) master's student from Mongolia. Please call me Ankh "アンカ". I see myself as both a product and a part of the universe and its evolution, even down to the level of the elements comprising me, and I feel a natural duty to try to understand it. Out in the field, I treat outcrops like crime scenes, imagining myself as a detective who pieces together past events by keen observation and questioning the rocks (they don’t budge easily, but I always strive to learn new gentle—or sometimes cruel—methods to effectively interrogate them). My home is Mongolia, a country built upon the Earth’s largest and arguably most complex accretionary orogenic system, and I find endless fascination in striking structural formations, in tectonics, and in the various manifestations of elemental migration. Aside from work, I enjoy cooking and reading old poetry—mostly because no one asked me to. I consider myself lucky to have worked under the supervision of [Ariuntsetseg (Ari) Ganbat](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=OaUVw7YAAAAJ), a distinguished graduate of Prof. Tatsuki Tsujimori's group (from the pre-KREATE era), whose constant drive in the pursuit of science and excellence has been a lasting source of encouragement and inspiration. I look forward to working together with the KREATE members
.
